It's time to use TensorFlow DenseFeatures.
By the end of this section,
you'll be able to use DenseFeatures to build a simple regression model,
and combine the output from
the TensorFlow feature column API features you created earlier.
So let's get started. In this section,
we'll focus on just building a simple TensorFlow regression model.
But we realize that there are more advanced deep learning architectures that you can
consider and feel free to try
different approaches to augment your features in architecture.
However, we did want to provide the context around AutoML in
the industry that is providing more automation for building models.
There's a whole field of research and tools that are providing ways to automate modeling.
These include cloud services such as GCPs,
AutoML or AWS's Autopilot.
These also include open-source libraries such as AdaNet or AutoKeras and many others.
It also includes paid software licenses,
such as H2O Driverless AI or Data Robots Solution as well.
Underlying part of this automation is the discovery
of architectures through neural architecture search,
which is using a range of solutions from
brute force search to evolutionary algorithms in deep reinforcement learning.
One interesting example of using neural architecture search
came from the paper where the researchers were able to come up with
a new architecture for
the popular transformer architecture that is in vogue these days for NLP problems.
So for this concept,
we will build off of the previous lesson where we create features using
the TensorFlow feature column API to build
a simple regression model using TensorFlow DenseFeatures,
which handles combining the features into a dense representation for the model.
Please note though that you must use always certain TensorFlow feature columns,
such as the numeric_column, embedding_column,
call bucketized_column, and indicator_column.
Lastly, for the sake of simplicity,
we will use a sequential API for this course.
But if you want to customize further,
feel free to try the functional API.
However, you might encounter some issues later with configuring
some other parts with the TensorFlow probability outputs.
As of writing, TensorFlow is experimenting with SequenceFeature columns
as well that can be combined with the SequenceFeatures function.
This will not be covered in this course,
but I did want to share this for your info because this can be helpful as well.